>> Scott Moss: Okay.
>> Speaker 2: I have a quick question.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah, what's up?
>> Speaker 2: In the repo.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I just cloned
it with the serverless yaml,
looks a little bit different.
>> Scott Moss: Yes,
let's take a look at that.
>> Speaker 2: Cuz there's no
functions in that yaml file.
>> Scott Moss: Yeah,
cuz you'll be making them.
>> Speaker 2: Gotcha.
>> Scott Moss: [LAUGH] That's what you're
going to be doing.
Yeah.
Yeah, so let's look at that one,
let's look at the yaml file in your repo,
and let's just talk about
the differences here.
So we have this service,
I just called it the serverless, for
the provider,
we talked about just the name, aws.
For profile,
this is the name of my aws profile, that
my credentials are sort of my computer.
If you don't have aws profile and
you just set it to default,
or if you're exporting through a batch
profile, then you don't need this.
You can just get rid of that.
In fact, I'm almost positive no
one here has an aws profile called
frontend masters.
So you can just comment that out.
This only matters when
we go deploy things, so
it's not that big of
a deal in this lesson.
This is only going come down to
when we actually deploy something.
This is for aws permissions.
And then, again, these are also for aws.
What region do you want to deploy to?
And what stage?
And we'll talk about stages
when we deploy in a minute.
But don't worry about that right now.
And then plugins is exactly
what it sounds like.
We're telling AWS what
plugins we want to use.
We're gonna talk about
the serverless-offline plugin when we do
the API lesson.
Right now it doesn't matter,
but that's where you put that.
So yeah, for you, to answer your question,
yeah, you would come down here and
you would have to register some functions,
and you would have to get them to work.
So speaking of,
that's what you're gonna do.
If you look in the source folder,
there's two files in here.
There's a helloworld that has a function
that has being exported on a handler.
It's got and event, context and then done.
I mean you can call these whatever you
want, but the order is always gonna be
an event first, followed by context,
followed by done.
Then you have this even.json.
So I'm gonnao walk you through why this
is here and what you can do with it.
So we already talked about the starter
argument, which is basically the callback
that follows the node style pattern of
error first and then response second.
So whenever you're done inside this
handler, you will call done, and
you will send back to
response that you want.
The second argument here, context.
This is basically meta information about
the execution context of your lander.
So locally,
there literally won't be anything there,
unless you pass something there.
But when you run this on AWS or
if you run this with serverless offline,
there's going to be some context around
what stage you're on, what was the ARN?
Who is the IM user?
Just tons of context about
the execution of that
function that will help you do things.
So that's more for
advanced cases, but very useful.
And then the event is actually
what was the pay load.
You can think of the event as like,
if you were doing a request to your API,
what did you pass to the body?
That's what the event is, it's whatever
the payload that was sent to this Lambda,
and it's always gonna be that.
And depending on what event that
your Lambda subscribes to in AWS,
this event object is gonna
look completely different.
If you're subscribing to an API
event compared to some other event,
it's gonna look completely different.
So those are your three arguments.
So what you're gonna do is you're gonna
find a way to get this helloworld function
to actually work.
And so you can actually execute it on
the command line using sls, invoke, local.
So you want to be able to
invoke that function local.
And the reason this event.json is here,
because if you look at sls or
serverless, and you type in invoke, and
you type in help, you'll see that there's
a flag that you can pass in called path.
And you can get a path to a JSON or
YAML file.
And it will take that JSON file, and
it will pass it as an input to the Lambda.
So that's why have this event.json.
So you can use that as a file to patch
in as an input to this Lamda, so
you can see what that event
object would look like.
So you can actually see
what's actually happening.
So again, there's a flag that
you can use on the serverless.
You give it a path to a file, and
it will grab the data in that file and
pass it as the first argument
in your Lambda as the event.
So use that, get a Hello World going,
and then once you get back make another
one and see whether you can do it